.TH "REPOSE" "1" "2024-01-01" "2.0.1" "repose Manual"
.SH NAME
repose \- Repository manipulation tool for QAM
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B repose
[OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Repose queries and manipulates the package repositories of one or more
SUSE QA Maintenance reference hosts over SSH, requiring only a running
sshd and zypper on the target.
.PP
For each host repose queries installed products and repository
configuration, then runs the zypper (or, on transactional hosts,
transactional-update) commands needed to satisfy the requested change.
.PP
Global options precede the command name; per-command options follow it.
See the per-command manual pages for details.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-n, --print\fP
print commands for host and exit
.TP
\fB-V, --version\fP
show program's version number and exit
.TP
\fB-c, --config PATH\fP
path to repose configuration  [default: /etc/repose/products.yml]
.TP
\fB-d, --debug\fP
enable debug logging
.TP
\fB-q, --quiet\fP
suppress messages from repose
.TP
\fB--no-color\fP
disable ANSI color in console output (honors NO_COLOR)
.TP
\fB--format [text|json]\fP
console output format: 'text' (default) or 'json' (one event per line)
[default: text]
.TP
\fB--strict-host-key-checking [yes|accept-new|no|off]\fP
SSH host-key policy (OpenSSH semantics): 'yes' refuses unknown hosts;
\&'accept-new' (default) accepts unknown hosts on first contact but
rejects changed keys; 'no'/'off' accepts both unknown and changed keys
(pre-1.12 behaviour)  [default: accept-new]
.TP
\fB--known-hosts PATH\fP
path to a custom known_hosts file (overrides ~/.ssh/known_hosts)
.TP
\fB--ssh-backend [asyncssh|paramiko]\fP
SSH backend implementation: 'asyncssh' (default, structured concurrency,
no thread pool) or 'paramiko' (legacy, available for one release as a
safety net while asyncssh settles)  [default: asyncssh]
.TP
\fB--install-completion\fP
Install completion for the current shell.
.TP
\fB--show-completion\fP
Show completion for the current shell, to copy it or customize the
installation.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
\fBadd\fP
add specified repository to target
.br
See \fBrepose-add(1)\fP for full documentation.
.TP
\fBremove\fP
remove repository from target
.br
See \fBrepose-remove(1)\fP for full documentation.
.TP
\fBreset\fP
reset target repositories to only installed products repositories
.br
See \fBrepose-reset(1)\fP for full documentation.
.TP
\fBinstall\fP
add specified repository to target and install product
.br
See \fBrepose-install(1)\fP for full documentation.
.TP
\fBclear\fP
clear all repositories from target
.br
See \fBrepose-clear(1)\fP for full documentation.
.TP
\fBuninstall\fP
remove specified repository from target and uninstall product
.br
See \fBrepose-uninstall(1)\fP for full documentation.
.TP
\fBlist-products\fP
list products on target
.br
See \fBrepose-list-products(1)\fP for full documentation.
.TP
\fBlist-repos\fP
list repositories on target
.br
See \fBrepose-list-repos(1)\fP for full documentation.
.TP
\fBknown-products\fP
list known products by 'repose'
.br
See \fBrepose-known-products(1)\fP for full documentation.
.SH EXAMPLES
Set up repositories on a refhost and install a product:
.RS 4
\fBrepose reset -t fubar.suse.cz\fP
.RE
.RS 4
\fBrepose install -t fubar.suse.cz qa\fP
.RE
.PP
Operate on multiple hosts at once:
.RS 4
\fBrepose add -t fubar.suse.cz -t snafu.suse.cz qa sle-sdk\fP
.RE
.PP
Preview the commands without running them:
.RS 4
\fBrepose -n add -t fubar.suse.cz sle-sdk\fP
.RE
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
\fBNO_COLOR\fP
When set (to any value), disable ANSI color in console output.
Equivalent to --no-color. See https://no-color.org.
.TP
\fBCOLOR\fP
Legacy override for color detection: COLOR=always forces color on,
COLOR=never forces it off. Overrides terminal detection.
.TP
\fBSOURCE_DATE_EPOCH\fP
Consumed by repose-mangen when generating these manual pages; pins the
date stamped into each page for reproducible builds.
.SH FILES
.TP
\fB/etc/repose/products.yml\fP
Default configuration file mapping product names to repositories.
Override with -c/--config.
.TP
\fB~/.ssh/known_hosts\fP
Default SSH known_hosts file consulted for host-key verification.
Override with --known-hosts.
.TP
\fB~/.ssh/config\fP
Standard OpenSSH client configuration; honored by both SSH backends.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBrepose-add(1)\fP,
\fBrepose-remove(1)\fP,
\fBrepose-reset(1)\fP,
\fBrepose-install(1)\fP,
\fBrepose-clear(1)\fP,
\fBrepose-uninstall(1)\fP,
\fBrepose-list-products(1)\fP,
\fBrepose-list-repos(1)\fP,
\fBrepose-known-products(1)\fP,
\fBzypper(8)\fP,
\fBtransactional-update(8)\fP,
\fBssh(1)\fP
