.TH "REPOSE LIST-PRODUCTS" "1" "2024-01-01" "2.0.1" "repose list-products Manual"
.SH NAME
repose\-list-products \- list products on target
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B repose list-products
[OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
List the products installed on the target host(s).
.PP
With --yaml the output is a host specification suitable for the
refhosts.yml generator, emitted without normalization. That YAML form is
the default for SLE 12-SP5 and SLE 15-SP3 and newer products.
.PP
With --format=json one product event is emitted per product per host;
combined with --yaml a host_spec event is emitted per host instead.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-t, --target HOST\fP
target to operate on  [required]
.TP
\fB--yaml\fP
Generate YAML host spec for refhosts.yml generator without
normalization. Default for SLE 12-SP5 and SLE 15-SP3+ products
.SH EXAMPLES
List products on a host:
.RS 4
\fBrepose list-products -t fubar.suse.cz\fP
.RE
.PP
Emit the refhosts.yml host spec:
.RS 4
\fBrepose list-products --yaml -t fubar.suse.cz\fP
.RE
.PP
Machine-readable base products only:
.RS 4
\fBrepose list-products --format=json -t fubar.suse.cz | jq 'select(.kind=="base")'\fP
.RE
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
\fBNO_COLOR\fP
When set (to any value), disable ANSI color in console output.
Equivalent to --no-color. See https://no-color.org.
.TP
\fBCOLOR\fP
Legacy override for color detection: COLOR=always forces color on,
COLOR=never forces it off. Overrides terminal detection.
.TP
\fBSOURCE_DATE_EPOCH\fP
Consumed by repose-mangen when generating these manual pages; pins the
date stamped into each page for reproducible builds.
.SH FILES
.TP
\fB/etc/repose/products.yml\fP
Default configuration file mapping product names to repositories.
Override with -c/--config.
.TP
\fB~/.ssh/known_hosts\fP
Default SSH known_hosts file consulted for host-key verification.
Override with --known-hosts.
.TP
\fB~/.ssh/config\fP
Standard OpenSSH client configuration; honored by both SSH backends.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBrepose-list-repos(1)\fP,
\fBrepose-known-products(1)\fP,
\fBrepose(1)\fP,
\fBzypper(8)\fP,
\fBtransactional-update(8)\fP,
\fBssh(1)\fP
