.TH "REPOSE KNOWN-PRODUCTS" "1" "2024-01-01" "2.1.0" "repose known-products Manual"
.SH NAME
repose\-known-products \- list known products by 'repose'
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B repose known-products
[OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
List the product names repose knows about, as defined in the
configuration file. These are the names usable as the PRODUCT segment of
a REPA pattern.
.PP
With --format=json one known_product event is emitted per product.
Unlike the other list commands this does not contact any host.
.SH EXAMPLES
List every known product name:
.RS 4
\fBrepose known-products\fP
.RE
.PP
Machine-readable known product names:
.RS 4
\fBrepose known-products --format=json | jq -r '.name'\fP
.RE
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
\fBNO_COLOR\fP
When set (to any value), disable ANSI color in console output.
Equivalent to --no-color. See https://no-color.org.
.TP
\fBCOLOR\fP
Legacy override for color detection: COLOR=always forces color on,
COLOR=never forces it off. Overrides terminal detection.
.TP
\fBSOURCE_DATE_EPOCH\fP
Consumed by repose-mangen when generating these manual pages; pins the
date stamped into each page for reproducible builds.
.SH FILES
.TP
\fB/etc/repose/products.yml\fP
Default configuration file mapping product names to repositories.
Override with -c/--config.
.TP
\fB~/.ssh/known_hosts\fP
Default SSH known_hosts file consulted for host-key verification.
Override with --known-hosts.
.TP
\fB~/.ssh/config\fP
Standard OpenSSH client configuration; honored by both SSH backends.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBrepose-list-products(1)\fP,
\fBrepose-list-repos(1)\fP,
\fBrepose(1)\fP,
\fBzypper(8)\fP,
\fBtransactional-update(8)\fP,
\fBssh(1)\fP
