.TH "REPOSE RESET" "1" "2024-01-01" "2.0.1" "repose reset Manual"
.SH NAME
repose\-reset \- reset target repositories to only installed products repositories
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B repose reset
[OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Reset the target host(s) so that only the repositories of the currently
installed products remain, discarding any extra repositories.
.PP
Before applying changes, repose probes each candidate repository URL in
parallel and drops repositories whose URLs do not respond. Probes honor
the system trust store. Use --probe-timeout to tune the per-URL wait and
--no-probe to skip probing entirely.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-t, --target HOST\fP
target to operate on  [required]
.TP
\fB--probe-timeout SECONDS\fP
seconds to wait per repository URL probe (default: 5)  [default: 5.0]
.TP
\fB--no-probe\fP
skip repository URL liveness probes
.SH EXAMPLES
Reset a refhost to a clean repository set:
.RS 4
\fBrepose reset -t fubar.suse.cz\fP
.RE
.PP
Skip URL probing during reset:
.RS 4
\fBrepose reset --no-probe -t fubar.suse.cz\fP
.RE
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
\fBNO_COLOR\fP
When set (to any value), disable ANSI color in console output.
Equivalent to --no-color. See https://no-color.org.
.TP
\fBCOLOR\fP
Legacy override for color detection: COLOR=always forces color on,
COLOR=never forces it off. Overrides terminal detection.
.TP
\fBSOURCE_DATE_EPOCH\fP
Consumed by repose-mangen when generating these manual pages; pins the
date stamped into each page for reproducible builds.
.SH FILES
.TP
\fB/etc/repose/products.yml\fP
Default configuration file mapping product names to repositories.
Override with -c/--config.
.TP
\fB~/.ssh/known_hosts\fP
Default SSH known_hosts file consulted for host-key verification.
Override with --known-hosts.
.TP
\fB~/.ssh/config\fP
Standard OpenSSH client configuration; honored by both SSH backends.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBrepose-clear(1)\fP,
\fBrepose-add(1)\fP,
\fBrepose-install(1)\fP,
\fBrepose(1)\fP,
\fBzypper(8)\fP,
\fBtransactional-update(8)\fP,
\fBssh(1)\fP
