.TH "REPOSE INSTALL" "1" "2024-01-01" "2.0.2" "repose install Manual"
.SH NAME
repose\-install \- add specified repository to target and install product
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B repose install
[OPTIONS] REPA
.SH DESCRIPTION
Add the repositories selected by one or more REPA patterns to the target
host(s) and install the corresponding product.
.PP
A REPA (REpository PAttern) selects which repositories to act on. Its
colon-separated form is PRODUCT[:VERSION[:ARCH[:REPO]]], where PRODUCT
is the product name from the configuration file, VERSION is an optional
version such as 12-SP2, ARCH is an optional architecture, and REPO is an
optional repository type (for example pool, update, or ltss) as defined
in products.yml. Multiple REPA patterns may be given; known product
names can be listed with repose known-products.
.PP
Before applying changes, repose probes each candidate repository URL in
parallel and drops repositories whose URLs do not respond. Probes honor
the system trust store. Use --probe-timeout to tune the per-URL wait and
--no-probe to skip probing entirely.
.PP
On transactional/immutable hosts (SL Micro, SLE Micro, MicroOS) the
change is routed through transactional-update; repose then reboots into
the new snapshot, reconnects, and verifies the result before reporting
success. Pass --no-reboot to stage the change without rebooting (a no-op
on non-transactional hosts).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-t, --target HOST\fP
target to operate on  [required]
.TP
\fB--probe-timeout SECONDS\fP
seconds to wait per repository URL probe (default: 5)  [default: 5.0]
.TP
\fB--no-probe\fP
skip repository URL liveness probes
.TP
\fB--no-reboot\fP
on transactional hosts (SL Micro), stage the package change but do not
reboot/reconnect/verify (default: reboot)
.SH EXAMPLES
Install a product (with reboot/verify on transactional hosts):
.RS 4
\fBrepose install -t root@slmicro.example qa\fP
.RE
.PP
Stage the install without rebooting:
.RS 4
\fBrepose --no-reboot install -t root@slmicro.example qa\fP
.RE
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
\fBNO_COLOR\fP
When set (to any value), disable ANSI color in console output.
Equivalent to --no-color. See https://no-color.org.
.TP
\fBCOLOR\fP
Legacy override for color detection: COLOR=always forces color on,
COLOR=never forces it off. Overrides terminal detection.
.TP
\fBSOURCE_DATE_EPOCH\fP
Consumed by repose-mangen when generating these manual pages; pins the
date stamped into each page for reproducible builds.
.SH FILES
.TP
\fB/etc/repose/products.yml\fP
Default configuration file mapping product names to repositories.
Override with -c/--config.
.TP
\fB~/.ssh/known_hosts\fP
Default SSH known_hosts file consulted for host-key verification.
Override with --known-hosts.
.TP
\fB~/.ssh/config\fP
Standard OpenSSH client configuration; honored by both SSH backends.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBrepose-uninstall(1)\fP,
\fBrepose-add(1)\fP,
\fBrepose-reset(1)\fP,
\fBrepose(1)\fP,
\fBzypper(8)\fP,
\fBtransactional-update(8)\fP,
\fBssh(1)\fP
